# [002: Productivity](https://quine.sh)

| Prize pool | Start date | End date | Discord |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| $2^{10}$ USD | November 7, 2023 | November 21, 2023  | [`#quest-002`](https://discord.gg/quine) |

## 🌋 The Challenge

The challenge for **`quest-002`** is to create a productivity app powered by Generative AI, i.e. [ChatGPT](https://platform.openai.com/docs/introduction).

This challenge is very broad - for example you could build apps that increase your productivity as a developer, as a student, or even as an athlete!

Some ideas to help you get some inspiration…

- *An app that assists you in maintaining accountability for your personal goals*
- *An app that aids in habit formation or ensures you never miss deadlines.*
- *A developer productivity app that helps you be more efficient when writing code or collaborating with others.*
- *An app that helps you learn faster…*
- …

Be bold, and be creative!

The community will respond better to a simple and completed MVP that showcases a highly creative idea, rather than a very complex codebase that either doesn't run or was not finished!

## 🌋 Requirements to be eligible for a prize

1. The content you submit to the quest must be original code.
2. You are allowed to generate code with LLMs and to use StackOverflow, but the app/repo idea must be yours and yours only. If we detect plagiarism from other repo or user, your submission will be removed from the quest.
3. The repo you submit must be submitted on or after the Quest’s **Start Date**. We will check the `created_at` stamps of all submitted repos to validate this and you will not be able to select a repo already on Quine.
4. Your project must have a README and must clearly explain what the project does and how someone can run it or install it.
5. The work you submit must be your own. Team submissions are not supported (yet).
6. The core functionality of the app must be powered by ChatGPT.
