# [004: Education](https://quine.sh)

| Prize pool | Start date | End date | Discord |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| $2^{10}$ USD | December 5, 2023  | December 19, 2023  | [`#quest-004`](https://discord.gg/quine) |

## 🌋 The Challenge

The challenge for **`quest-004`** is to create an education app powered by Generative AI. i.e. [ChatGPT](https://platform.openai.com/docs/introduction).

You could develop apps that assist people in improving their programming skills, serve as a study aid, or even instruct people on how to cook!

Some ideas to help you get some inspiration…

- *An app that helps you learn or remember information…*
- *An app that keeps you accountable with your learning goals…*
- *An app that teaches you a new skill…*
- *An app that can help you study for specific tests or professional certificates…*
- …

Be bold, and be creative! The community will respond better to a simple and completed MVP that showcases a highly creative idea, rather than a very complex codebase that either doesn't run or was not finished!

## 🏆 Requirements to be eligible for a prize

1. The content you submit to the quest must be original code.
2. You are allowed to generate code with LLMs and to use StackOverflow, but the app/repo idea must be yours and yours only. If we detect plagiarism from other repo or user, your submission will be removed from the quest.
3. The repo you submit must be submitted **on or after** the Quest’s **Start Date**. We will check the `created_at` stamps of all submitted repos to validate this and you will not be able to select a repo already on Quine.
4. Your project must have a README and must clearly explain what the project does and how someone can run it or install it.
5. The work you submit must be your own. Team submissions are not supported (yet).
6. You can only submit one repo. If you make a mistake, you have to remove the repo and upload a new one.
7. The core functionality of the app must be powered by ChatGPT or any other GenAI API (for example, Anthropic).
