# [005: Developer tools](https://quine.sh)

| Prize pool | Start date | End date | Discord |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| $2^{11}$ USD | December 19, 2023  | January 23, 2024 | [`#quest-005`](https://discord.gg/quine) |

## 🌋 The Challenge

The challenge for **`quest-005`** is to create a developer tool powered by Generative AI. i.e. [ChatGPT](https://platform.openai.com/docs/introduction).

You could augment your favourite developer tools with LLMs, develop apps that help people write better code, or even an app that helps people contribute to open source! Some ideas:

1. **`Automated workflows`**

    *How can LLMs help you automate your workflow? Perhaps they can assist in writing cleaner commit logs or extremely clean Pull Requests.*

2. **`Code generation`**

    *Develop tools for auto-completion, code translation, test generation, or even converting natural language descriptions into functional code.*

3. **`Synthetic Documentation`**
    
    *Create new tools that can enhance the documentation of existing projects, identify documentation gaps, or assist in multilingual communication to overcome potential cultural barriers!*

4. **`Educational Tools and Tutorials`**
    
    *As a coder, it's important to be able to learn new things quickly! Can you facilitate learning paths for developers with LLMs?*

5. **`Freestyle`** 
    
    *Any app or tool that increases developer productivity is fair game!*

Be bold, and be creative. The community will respond better to a simple and completed MVP that showcases a highly creative idea, rather than a very complex codebase that either doesn't run or was not finished!



## 🏆 Requirements to be eligible for a prize

1. The content you submit to the quest must be original code.
2. You are allowed to generate code with LLMs and to use StackOverflow, but the app/repo idea must be yours and yours only. If we detect plagiarism from other repo or user, your submission will be removed from the quest.
3. The repo you submit must be submitted **on or after** the Quest’s **Start Date**. We will check the `created_at` stamps of all submitted repos to validate this and you will not be able to select a repo already on Quine.
4. Your project must have a README and must clearly explain what the project does and how someone can run it or install it.
5. The work you submit must be your own. Team submissions are not supported (yet).
6. You can only submit one repo. If you make a mistake, you have to remove the repo and upload a new one.
7. The core functionality of the app must be powered by an LLM (it can be any you want)

<br>

> ☝️ A few months ago Quine sponsored a **developer augmentation Hackathon** where participants were challenged to create repos in these categories. 
>
>Any creator who has previously participated in our **developer augmentation Hackathon** must submit a different project than their previous submission.
