# [006: Social Good](https://quira.sh)

| Prize pool | Start date | End date | Discord |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| $2^{11}$ USD | January 23, 2024 | February 20, 2024  | [`#quest-006`](https://discord.gg/quira) |

## 🌋 The Challenge

The challenge for **`quest-006`** is to create a Generative AI app for social good!

Did you know that recently GitHub released [a special index](https://forgoodfirstissue.github.com/) to track repos that are making a positive impact in society? The aim of this quest is to use GenerativeAI to create a project that addresses a social problem. This can be targeted to your community or be something that anyone in the world could use!

The world is facing significant challenges in climate change, democracy, biodiversity, inflation, …, you name it. We want you to pick a cause and leverage your coding skills to do something about it!

<br>

> 💡 This Hackathon will be different from the previous ones in two specific ways:
>- You will be able to work in teams 🙌
>- We’ll have a special panel of social science experts to help judge the submissions 🧑‍🏫
>    - *A percentage of the final score will be decided by an expert judging panel. The final score for submissions will be weighted by votes from judges and community as a **60/40 ratio respectively**.*

<br>

Be bold, and be creative. The community will respond better to a simple and completed MVP that showcases a highly creative idea, rather than a very complex codebase that either doesn't run or was not finished!

## 🏆 Requirements to be eligible for a prize

1. The content you submit to the quest must be original code.
2. You are allowed to generate code with LLMs and to use StackOverflow, but the app/repo idea must be yours and yours only. If we detect plagiarism from other repo or user, your submission will be removed from the quest.
3. The repo you submit must be submitted **on or after** the Quest’s **Start Date**. We will check the `created_at` stamps of all submitted repos to validate this and you will not be able to select a repo already on Quira.
4. Your project must have a README and must clearly explain what the project does and how someone can run it or install it.
5. You can work in a team of at most **three people**. To make a team submission:
    1. Choose one person to be your team lead and have them create your submission repository to work on on GitHub. *Note: The team lead will need to have admin / ownership rights to the relevant repository on GitHub to be able to select and submit it on Quira*
    2. When filling out their submission details on Quira, the team lead will need to include the Quira usernames of their team members in a list in the Creator’s Comment box on the submission form. Each team member should be listed in the form: `@{username}`
6. You can only submit one repo. If you make a mistake, you have to remove the repo and upload a new one.
7. The core functionality of the app must be powered by an LLM (it can be any you want)

<br>

> ☝️ We have added a WYSIWYG editor in the comment section of creator Quests. You can now add links to YouTube or other content that will help you communicate your project. 

***If you have any questions, send us a message on [Discord](https://discord.gg/quira)* 👾**
