# 016: School of open source 🎸 

### 🚨 Quest updated on the _10th of September 2024_

  1. Added Quest end date.
  2. Introduced a track to claim part of a $500 prize.

## Quest parameters

| Prize pool | Start date | End date | Team size |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- | 
| $500 + Swag 🧢 | August 6, 2024  |  September 30, 2024 | 1 |

## 🎒 About this Quest

Software education is changing! Traditional credentials like certificates and diplomas are becoming less relevant. What's important now is your ability to build stuff that people use or like!

To help builders in this transition here's a new Quira experiment: _School of open source_!

This marks the beginning of a series of educational quests designed to help the community dive into various technologies. Join this quest if you want an excuse to tinker with different GenAI models or if you want to show the community what you're working on!

Some special tracks will be thrown in along the way! 🙌

## Main track

If you want your submission to be eligible for a prize, your app must use _at least one_ of the following APIs

  - [ChatGPT](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/introduction)
  - [Mistral](https://docs.mistral.ai/api/)
  - [Llama](https://llama.meta.com/docs/overview)
  - [Anthropic](https://www.anthropic.com/api)

🧢 A sticker sheet will be sent to the creators of the first 100 valid submissions. Also, a "Quira Creator" hat will be sent to the 5 creators that... we'll keep this rule secret until the end of the Quest!

To claim a prize, make sure you follow the rules!

1. The content you submit to the quest must be original.
2. You are allowed to generate code with LLMs and to use StackOverflow, but the app/repo idea must be yours and yours only. If we detect plagiarism from other repo or user, your submission will be marked and you won't be eligible for a prize.
3. Your project must have a README and must clearly explain what the project does and how someone can run it or install it.
4. Team submissions are not supported in this quest.
5. You can only submit one repo. If you make a mistake, you have to remove the repo and upload a new one.
6. You can submit repositories used in a previous quest, provided they implement a new feature. The new feature should be described in the comments.

## ✨ New track [10th of September 2024]

We're updating this quest with a new exciting track!

We have allocated a `$500 prize pool` to reward creators who use more than one API in their projects and document their experiences or findings in a DevTo post.

- _Did you encounter any specific issues while setting things up? How did you resolve them?_
- _Did you find that the performance of some of these APIs is better than others for certain tasks?_
- _Did you try guardrailing, fine-tuning, or building AI agents with these APIs? How easy was it?_
- _Are there any useful endpoints or features that some of these APIs have and others don't?_
- Etc.

We're looking for content pieces that go one step further and provide true insights into each of these APIs. All submissions will be ranked by the Quira team.

We're updating this quest with a new exciting track!

The reward distribution looks as follows

| 1st | 2nd | 3rd | 4th | 5th |  6th |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| $200 | $100  |  $50 | $50 |  $50 | $50 | 

Also, remember that if you're aiming for the $500 prize pool:

7. Any blog posts or content must be your own. If we detect plagiarism, you won't be eligible for a prize.
8. It's OK to use LLMs to correct grammar or spelling, but **not for generating**. Content that is evidently generated by ChatGPT or similar tools will be disqualified.

### Skills badges

Skills badges on different APIs & SDKs will be awarded 🎖️
