
# 023: Take Daytona for a spin

| Start Date | End date | Discord |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 21st of November | 10th of January | [`#quest-023`](https://discord.gg/quira) |

## About Daytona

Daytona is a radically simple open-source development environment manager. Over time, setting up development environments has become increasingly challenging, but this complexity is unnecessary. With Daytona, all you need to do is execute a single command: `daytona create`. As a developer, you can immediately focus on what matters most—your code.

## 🌋 The challenge

The main goal of this challenge is to encourage you to try out Daytona and document your experience. It involves integrating Daytona into one of your projects, making contributions, and keeping a record of the process. We have four tracks:

**Track 1️⃣**: Spin up a Daytona development environment for one of your open source projects (you may use a repository from a previous creator quest). Add a section in the project’s README detailing how others can quickly get started and contribute to your project using Daytona.

**Track 2️⃣**: Use Daytona for your next Hackathon and write an article to share your experience with the community.

**Track 3️⃣**: Try Daytona the next time you’re reviewing a PR or contributing to open source, and write about your experience.

**Track 4️⃣**: Create a new tutorial explaining how you use Daytona for one of your projects. Aim this tutorial at developers with a similar level of experience.

We’re looking for concrete and tangible illustrations of how you integrate Daytona into your workflow.

## 🎖️ Rewards

The quest will follow a points-based system

| Points | Rewarded if |
| --- | --- |
| 5 | Star https://github.com/daytonaio/daytona/ |
| 50 | A valid project in Tracks 1️⃣, 2️⃣, 3️⃣, or 4️⃣ is submitted. |
| 45 | Awarded by judges based on the novelty, originality, and quality your submission. |

Reward structure:

| Reward | Rewarded to… |
| --- | --- |
| $2 | … the first 100 submissions scoring 55 points. |
| $10 | 11th place - 25th place |
| $50 | 3rd place - 10th place |
| $100 | 2nd place |
| $150 | 1st place |

Note that:

- A submission will be regarded valid if adheres to our [standard quest rules](https://docs.quira.sh/for-developers/quests/creator-quests/quest-standard-rules).
- Use of AI is permitted, but if a content piece is evidently generated with AI it will be disqualified.
